update readme to refer to docs (#663)
filecoin-project/boost: README.md

Boost is a tool for Filecoin storage providers to manage data storage and retrievals on Filecoin.

> See [Documentation](https://boost.filecoin.io/) to get started.

Reviewer: Language nit
```suggestion
See the docs at [https://boost.filecoin.io](https://boost.filecoin.io/getting-started) to get started.
```

## For development:

> 1. Install using instructions in [Documentation](https://boost.filecoin.io/).

Reviewer: I think we should deep link here so people don't need to hunt around.
```suggestion
1. Install using instructions in the building and installation section in [the docs](https://boost.filecoin.io/getting-started#building-and-installing).
```

## Building

### Prerequisites
1. Install using instructions in [Documentation](https://boost.filecoin.io/).

Currently, Boost installation is supported on macOS and Linux platforms.

You need to have Go and Rust installed on your machine in order to build Boost, as well as some additional system dependencies, usually provided by your distribution: 

Ubuntu/Debian:
```
sudo apt install mesa-opencl-icd ocl-icd-opencl-dev gcc git bzr jq pkg-config curl clang build-essential hwloc libhwloc-dev wget -y && sudo apt upgrade -y
```

Arch:
```
sudo pacman -Syu opencl-icd-loader gcc git bzr jq pkg-config opencl-icd-loader opencl-headers opencl-nvidia hwloc
```

macOS:
```
brew install go bzr jq pkg-config rustup hwloc coreutils

> ```

Reviewer: I don't think we're currently covering these on the docs site. If folks have already installed Lotus they shouldn't hit these problems, but I think we'll need to update on the docs site before deleting these sections.

Author: @LexLuthr , will you please update the docs to include this or let me know how I can? thanks

Reviewer 2: Done

Author: thanks!  This should be ready to merge.
